---
title: How Technological Change Reshapes Politics - Technology, Elections, and Policies (TECHNO)
date: 
summary: Click for more information.
draft: false
featured: false
weight: 3
image:
  filename: ""
  focal_point: Smart
  preview_only: false
---

I am part of the [NORFACE TECHNO project](https://techno-norface.net/) (PIs Henning Finseraas, Aina Gallego, Alexander Kuo, Silja Häusermann). 

Technological change and automation are disrupting labor markets in advanced democracies and rekindling fears about technological unemployment and how the future of work will be. While there is little doubt that rapid technological progress has far-reaching economic effects, its political consequences remain largely unexplored. The goal of this project is to study how technological change in the workplace contributes to ongoing deep political transformations, the adoption of policies to address change, and the political consequences of such policies.

The project is organized in four complementary work packages (WP). I am mainly involved in WP4 where we analyze the successes, failures, and political consequences of existing policies to reduce individual and regional disparities due to technological change.

Overall, the project will contribute to understanding how grievances generated by profound technological change manifest themselves politically. It will result in recommendations of politically viable and effective policies to help workers and communities adapt to a fast-changing economic landscape and increased insecurity about what the future of jobs will be. 

### Work in Progress 

* Policy Responses to Technological Change
* Can Government Policies Moderate Political Backlash to Economic Change? (with Thomas Kurer and Silja Häusermann)
